drwxr-xr-x   4 gitpod gitpod   148 Dec 10 22:11 advanced-graphql/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Advanced-React/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./alfred-my-mind/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./al-go-rithms/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Algorithms-Explanation/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./AlgorithmsOnGraphs-UCSD/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./AlgorithmsOnStrings-UCSD/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./algovis/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./all-python-files/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./archivy/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Aspose.Words-for-.NET/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./A-Tale-Of-Three-Lists/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./atom/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./audio-input-background-mode/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Audio-Input-Effects/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./audion/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./AudioToText/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./auth0-templates/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./awesome-datascience/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./awesome-knowledge-graph/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./awesome-react/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./awesome-react-hooks/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./awesome-ui-component-library/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Awesome-WSL/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./bacon-cipher/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./beautifier.io/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./bgoonzblog/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Bgoonz-Portfolio2.0/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./big-o-in-plain-english/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./bilardi/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./bilardi.github.io/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./blog-demo/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./blog-posts/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./blog-research/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./boilerplate-express/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./boilerplate-mochachai/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./boilerplate-page-view-time-series-visualizer/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./boilerplate-project-library/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./boilerplate-project-messageboard/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./boilerplate-project-timestamp/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./bookmarks/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./bookmarks-v1.0/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./bookmarks-v2.0/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./bootcamp/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Bootstrap-Style-Tile/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./brackets-navigation-history/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Build-A-Quiz-App-With-HTML-CSS-and-JavaScript/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Build-a-Quiz-App-with-React-and-Firebase/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./cacher-run-server/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./carbon-components-react/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./carbon-design-kit/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./carbon-website/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./card-expansion/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./cdn/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Cheat-Sheets/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./clipboardy/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./cloudconvert-node/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./code-notes/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./code_pirates/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./code-prettify/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./code-snippets/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./complete-intro-to-databases/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Computer-Architecture/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./CONTAINER/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./contentful-graphql-course/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./convert2svg/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./cookiecutter/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./copy-text-to-clipboard/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./C-Plus-Plus/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./cpp-projects/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./crazy-coder/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./create-react-app/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./create-react-resume/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Css-Practice-and-AJAX/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Cumulative-Resource-List/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./CurriculumExpansion/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./data-structure-and-algorithms-with-ES6/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Data-Structures-Algos-Codebase/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./data-structures-and-algorithms-nanodegree-udacity/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./DataStructures-UCSD/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./daw/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./daw-core/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./deck_of_cards/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./demo-projects/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./design-blocks/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./design-pattern-notes/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./design-patterns/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./design-style-guide/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./dezadkins.github.io/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./dnote/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./doctoc/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./dotfiles/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./dotfiles-1/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./dsa.js/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./DS-ALGO-OFFICIAL/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./DS-n-Algos-Mega-Archive/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./DS-Unit-4-Sprint-2-Neural-Networks/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./dynamicForms/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./ecommerce-react/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./editor.md/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./eleventyone/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./embedable-navbar/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./embedded-resources/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./engine/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./en.javascript.info/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./enthusiastic-tomato/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./eslint-plugin-markdown/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./example-read-from-sheets/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./examples/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./exploring-python/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./express-todo/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./extract-media/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./fbFriendsMap/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./fiftyone/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./file-system/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./FileSystemBrowser/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./flashcards/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./flexsearch/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./fm-transcripts/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./forem/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./freeCodeCamp/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./frontend-backend-fullstack/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./front-end-handbook-2019/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./frontendmasters-serverless/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Full-Stack-Dev/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./full-stack-fastapi-couchbase/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./full-stack-fastapi-postgresql/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./full-stack-flask-couchdb/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./fullstack-graphql/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./fullstack-slido-clone/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./gatsby/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./gatsby-intro/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./gatsby-portfolio/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./gatsby-starter-contentful-knowledge-base/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./gatsby-themes/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./geeksblabla.com/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Getting-Started-with-TensorFlow/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./.git/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./github-profile-readme-generator/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./github-readme-stats/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./google-firebase-exploration/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./google-maps-react/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./GoogleTechDevGuide-Programming-Solutions/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./GrainsOfLife/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./graphql-django/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./grokking_study/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./grunt-photobox/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./h5bp.github.io/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./hacks/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./hello-trello/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./hello-world-fullstack/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./iframe-driver/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./instructure-ui/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./interesting-aspen/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./intro-mongo-db/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./intro-node-js/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./intro-to-graphql/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Intro_to_Python/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./IteratorAlgorithms/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./jamesqquick-site/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./jamstack-comments-engine/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./jamstack.org/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./java/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Javascript/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./javascript-enlightenment/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./javascript-interview-questions/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./javascript-sdk-demo-app/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./jquery-noselect/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./jquery-slideshow/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./js-all-in-one-search-with-autocomplete/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./js-beautify/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./json-server/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Jupyter/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./kisrdevelopment.github.io/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./knowledge/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./knowledge-graph/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./lab-javascript-chronometer/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Lambda/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./lambda2/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./LambdaData/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./lambda-ds-3-1/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Lambda-Final-Backup/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./lambda-prep/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./LambdaSchool/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./learn-anything/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Learn-Build-Teach-Site/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./learnGitBranching/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./learnxinyminutes-docs/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./leetcode-solutions/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Less-Important-Links/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./markdown-editor/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./material-ui-json-schema-viewer/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./MATLAB-Octave/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./mdwiki/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./meditation-app/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./meditation-js/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Medium_Articles/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Medium-Clone-FullStack-React/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./mentoring/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./mercury-canvas/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./mern-course-bootcamp/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./midi-synth/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./minimal/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./miniPaint/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./mini-project-showcase/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./model_search/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./modern-js-cheatsheet/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./mothereff.in/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./myDotfiles/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./my-environment/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./my-gists/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./My-Notes-Compilation/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./my-tutorials/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./nasa-photo-of-the-day/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./netlify-plugin-add-instagram/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./netlify-plugin-cloudinary-source/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./netlify-serverless-demo/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./nextjs-w-react/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./next-netlify-starter/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./NFBlog/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./nicobytes.github.io/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./node-frontend/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./node-fs-extra/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./nodepad/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./node-postgres-docs/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./node-web-server/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./norwex-react/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./notes/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./npm-package-testing/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./oConsole/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./opensource.guide/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Orbit-Theme/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./pageres/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./parse-dashboard/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./parse-server-example/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./password-generator/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./pdf-to-markdown/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./perf-tooling/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./pig_latin/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./PitchDetect/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./portfolio-react-take-3/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./portfolio-website/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./prepareTransition/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./PrettyDocs-Theme/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./profile-readme-stats/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./purecrypt/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./pyCAIR/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./PyCon-snippets/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Python/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Python-1/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./python-automation-scripts/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./query-string/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Random-Single-File-Utils-Compilation/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./react/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./react-blog/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./react-forms/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./React-Movie-Search/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./React-Notes-And-Examples/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./react-notes-express-framework/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./react-redux-starter-kit/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./React-Router-Apple-Nav/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./reactstrap/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./react-user-authentication/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./REACT-V4/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Realtime-Chat-With-User-And-Rooms/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./recursion-prompts/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Regex-in-js/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./regex-trie/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./regex-trie-cli/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./rekit-app/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Resource-Hub-Mark_II/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./resources/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./resume/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./rn_movie_search/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./scrap.md


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./scrollreveal/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./sdk-github-project-earatb/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./search-indexer-dashboard/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./sendgrid-nodejs/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./sharex.github.io/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./shepherd/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./shopping-cart-backend/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./site_demo/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./skyscanner.github.io/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./slideout/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./slides/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./sourcebit/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./spectrum/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./spider-web-links-2-html-directory/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Sprint-Challenge--Intro-Python-1/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./standard/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./start/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./starter-gatsby-blog/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./stefan-judis-website-editors/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./styled-components/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./sudoku_checker/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./template_jquery_bootstrap_boilerplate/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./tensorflow/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Tensorflow-basics/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./TensorNetwork/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./test-gatsby-starter-minimal-blog/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./text_analytics_101/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./text_analyzer/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./TheAlgorithms.github.io/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./tic-tac-toe/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./tips/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./ToDo/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./todo-notes-api/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./training-kit/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./transactional-email-templates/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./tree/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./turbolift/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./typed.js/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./User-Onboarding/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./uuid/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./virtual-lolly/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./waka-readme-stats/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./webapps-deploy/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./WebAudio/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./webdev4242/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./web-dev-history-backup/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./Web-Dev-Hub/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./webdevhub2/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./web-guided-project-react-components-2/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./webmock/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./website/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./website-1/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./web-Sprint-Challenge-User-Interface-and-Git/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./WhateverNote/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./WhatEverNote-1/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./WizardSource/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./wslg/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./wtfpython/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./wtf_wikipedia/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./wysihtml5/


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master
git add ./yari/git add ./


git commit -m "update"
Git push -u origin master